Dynamic Notification Policy Routes (#1800)
grafana/grafana-operator: docs/docs/alerting/notification-policies.md

If you already know which contact point an alert should send to, you can directly set the [`receivers`]({{% relref "/docs/api/#grafanaalertrulegroupspecrulesindexnotificationsettings" %}}) property on the alert rule.
{{% /alert %}}

## Simple Notification Policy

The following snippet shows an example notification policy routing to the `operations` or `security` team based on the `team` label.

{{< readfile file="../examples/notification-policy/resources.yaml" code="true" lang="yaml" >}}

## Dynamic Notification Policy Routes

There might be scenarios where you can not define the entire notification policy in a single place and you have to assemble it from multiple resouces.

> In this case, you can use the `spec.route.routeSelector` in combination with multiple `GrafanaNotificationPolicyRoute` resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you can use the `routeSelector` field in combination with multiple `GrafanaNotificationPolicyRoute` resources.
```

> The `routeSelector` can be specified in any `route` object, including the list of `spec.route.routes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `GrafanaNotificationPolicy` and `GrafanaNotificationPolicyRoute` objects support the `routeSelector` field.
```

All `GrafanaNotificationPolicyRoute` resources will then be discovered based on the label selector defined in `spec.route.routeSelector`.
In case `spec.allowCrossNamespaceImport` is enabled, matching routes will be fetched from all namespaces.
Otherwise only routes from the same namespace as the `GrafanaNotificationPolicy` will be discovered.

> All discovered routes will then get set on the `spec.route.routes[]` of the `GrafanaNotificationPolicy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The discovered routes are then used when applying the notification policy.
```
Something being set could wrongly mean that the actual resource is updated

The resulting Notification Policy will be the following:

```yaml
apiVersion: 1
policies:
    - orgId: 1
      receiver: grafana-default-email
      group_by:
        - grafana_folder
        - alertname
      routes:
        - receiver: grafana-default-email
          object_matchers:
            - - inline
              - =
              - first
            - - team
              - =
              - a
          routes:
            - receiver: grafana-default-email
              object_matchers:
                - - dynamic
                  - =
                  - e
            - receiver: grafana-default-email
              object_matchers:
                - - crossNamespace
                  - =
                  - "true"
                - - dynamic
                  - =
                  - c
              routes:
                - receiver: grafana-default-email
                  object_matchers:
                    - - dynamic
                      - =
                      - d
        - receiver: grafana-default-email
          object_matchers:
            - - inline
              - =
              - second
            - - team
              - =
              - b

> ```

Reviewer: I think a screenshot would be nicer here to avoid confusion between kubernetes resources and grafana exports
